it is common opinion among the uninitiated to think
that the selection hunt in
particularly the stalking one or
to look like the hunter requires
unique gift so much patience
nothing more fake whoever decides to
undertake this type of activity
he can do it successfully only when
will have acquired a deep knowledge
of the different species of ungulates of the
environments in which they live
habits and their behavior that
it will be different depending on the terrain
of the seasons of sex and classes
of age
here is the hunting adventure of
andrea mountain hunter who
used to beat the peaks in search
of roosters and chamois as a hunter and
licensed hunting guide
this time it is measured with land and
ungulates for him unusual and for this
relies on the experience of a friend e
connects michele who supports him in
this exit is now day two
deer move the wait I'm not in the
plan of the day michele ha
preferred this post we say of
transit
because in the grazing sites the males
arrive when it is still dark e
fall when just starts
dawning is also among these
badlands that you are three days ago
undefeated even if for a few moments in
an 18 spikes is a secluded habitat i
animals are not particularly
disturbed and in particular circumstances
they linger long enough to allow shooting
certainly an area to keep in
consideration
the Serbian despite being able to define a
Sedentary animal proves a certain is
racism and within a given
territory
also makes frequent movements of
kilometers for food purposes or why
disturbed strongly elusive with everyone
the highly developed senses excellent runner
and also savior as well as swimmer
the deer represents a challenge to the
skill of the hunter
the hunt for appearance is perhaps the most
penalizing as it obliges the
hunter at several hours of immobility e
the withdrawal activity is limited to
just over an hour and a half two hours from
when daylight illuminates the
visual
the animal very much from this area
absolutely where it is allowed but yes
can choose to continue the action of
hunting with the technical search that requires
even more in-depth knowledge
you try to enter the home of the deer e
for this we need to know where to go
what character to the landlord the
his habits and also know how to move
in the woods because in his majesty's house
the deer gets on tiptoe yes
goes in search of the trophy
it is not easy to see and the eye must
be well trained to catch a glimpse
silhouettes even if they are voluminous like those of
a deer among a vegetation that
it still has a lot of michele sa leaf
for sure that that is a good area
loved by animals because it offers a
excellent shelter in the short woods in
gully bottom
With this conviction, he continues
without uncertainties towards a goal that to
moment appears imaginary again a
earth to observe
in an elevated position of our friends
peering insistently through the foliage
reddish, the light of the sun flickers
the reddish leaves favor the dream
the mirage but it is not a mirage
what michele sees in the viewfinder
of the long is the important stage of a
handsome male lying down that stands out like
an arboreal sculpture among the shrubs and
a small group of deer is the beautiful subject
majestic and apparently peaceful that
in turn it seems to look straight
towards its observers the expected head
the female is alert raises has
warned the danger seems to hesitate
but then the decision is made a fraction
second and pull the group behind
male including michele is produced in
a strangled cry and raul the deer yes
firm offers the hunter the cue for
the throw
goes into action at the animal has
certainly a mortal wound
and it must not have come a long way
nothing can be found easily below
in his last bed in the arms of
a small reed seems to sleep e
even if a bit broken he did not lose
nothing of its majesty